[Music]
hey how's it going Dave 2d here and this
is the newest two razor blade itself
this was running the eighth generation
CPUs from Intel KB like our so it's a
quad-core CPU and I did a review of the
previous version of this the I guess the
seventh generation fantastic device I
feel like they had updated a lot of
stuff that people wanted and this is
just kind of revision that's just a
little bit better now I want to clarify
one thing before I go too much further
into this review a lot of people think
that this device is a gaming laptop I
know most of you don't but there's a
surprising number of people that are
like hey does this thing play games it
is not meant to be a gaming laptop it's
made by razor razor makes gaming
peripherals and gaming stuff but this is
not a dedicated gaming laptop not to say
that it can't play games like by itself
it can't it's running some like
non-gaming internals but you can plug up
an external GPU if you do want to play
games which I'll explain further down
the line but just to clarify this is not
a dedicated game laptop okay so let's
talk about things that haven't changed
the build quality hasn't changed nothing
actually from the exterior has changed
that much the one biggest difference is
that this model is the gunmetal grey
version so they still make the regular
black one with the green Razer logo and
RGB lights and stuff but this one's
gunmetal grey and I like this one more
maybe because I've seen the black one so
often but this one's just a cleaner
design to me the logo is more subtle and
everything just looks a little more
muted the one thing that is a good thing
or bad things that that RGB ease on the
keyboard that are on the regular
reasonably itself are not present on the
gunmetal gray version they only light up
in white the keyboard the trackpad
basically everything is exactly the same
on the exterior it's a good keyboard
good trackpad they updated the trackpad
in the previous version to use the
windows precision drivers which are just
way better and the screen options aren't
changed this one here is running at 3200
by 1800 screen XO panel it's not the
brightest thing ever but it's fairly
bright and it has a pretty good color
gamut it also is a touch screen if
that's your thing if you really like the
colored RGB keyboard from the black
model but you want to clean finish like
this you can always get a skin from D
brand just cover it up and it'll mute
the logo and protect your laptop the
ports are changes got to use B threes
and HDMI and then you
three now this Thunderbolt 3 port is for
power like you powered up through here
and also supports four lanes of PCIe so
if you connect an external GPU to this
thing it gets full bandwidth the one
thing that's a little bit different
between this one and the previous
generation of gunmetal grey is that this
one's a little bit darker so this is the
other one the 20 like the earlier 2017
one it's really hard to tell from this
camera but this new one is slightly
darker than this one you know what
there's also another difference on the
inside the little Intel stickers the
eighth generation one is like a quarter
of the size of the old version now I've
seen some other eighth generation
laptops that had a regular-sized sticker
so I don't know why this little one
exists I know this is really important
right you guys should be aware of all
the little details about this laptop ok
the internals have changed a little the
layout is just a little bit different
from previous generations the RAM is
still soldered on and the SSD is still
removable but they've actually used a
much faster drive this year which is
nice now in terms of coil whine my unit
here does not have coil line I have seen
a lot of reports of people getting razor
blades Stealth's with coil on issues all
the review units I've ever had didn't
have it so I can't really comment on it
but this one yet again does not have it
performance is excellent this one's
running the i7 and 16 gigs of ram and
these new cable a card ships are quad
core CPUs that get really fast for short
bursts they benchmarked really well the
built-in GPU is still pretty weak you're
still not gonna be able to play some
amazing games on or anything you can
play some light games but even
moderately demanding games are gonna
make it choke so if you want to play
games you either get something
completely different like a gaming
laptop or you're gonna have to connect
an external GPU to this thing thermals
under load are fine and same thing with
fan noise it doesn't get super loud or
anything and we connected to an external
GPU temperatures are also good the
external GPU handles most of the
graphical stuff so the laptop stays cool
now if this is the type of setup you
want so it's like a thin and light
Ultrabook combined with a external GPU
there's a lot of companies that do this
kind of thing but I still think the best
company is Razer they were the first
people to do it so they probably have a
little bit more like experience with it
but the connection is rock-solid and
it's just it just works really really
well and I'm running the first
generation corstel they have a newer
version that has
an updated Thunderbolt 3 controller and
you can connect external devices that
work on a different pipeline but I mean
the performance is going to be identical
to the first generation but yes if this
is what you're looking for I cannot
recommend a better setup than these two
now it's still not a hundred percent
efficient there's some issues with using
phenol three GPUs but for the most part
they're pretty good now if you want to
learn more about them I've done a video
that kind of details this whole process
a little bit more I'll link that below
ok the performance and video editing is
not as good as you might expect this is
a quad-core CPU but it's a 15 watt CPU
there are quad-core CPUs like gaming
laptops that are 45 watt CPUs and those
are just able to maintain a higher clock
speed for just longer periods of time
this can hit 4 gigahertz for a little
burst and then it'll drop down to its
base clock and when your video editing
that's just not ideal so you can get
stuff done if you're working with 1080p
footage or just not video editing very
frequently sure it can kind of work
especially with an external GPU but if
you want something that's just more
long-term are you working with high res
footage go with something like a quad
core gaming laptop those just do much
better for edits ok battery life has not
changed I'm still getting seven hours on
this thing I know what the cables like
are it's supposed to be slightly more
efficient I'm still getting seven hours
and I think it comes from the screen the
IG's opana looks nice and the colors pop
but it just uses a little more juice it
is still like for the most part of full
day batteries so I'm not too worried
about it if I had to nitpick on some
things on if I I mean I do like this
laptop a lot but if it just had to be
that guy that just hated on something it
would probably be the speaker's they're
not bad they're like really well
positioned but they don't sound amazing
they sound very like you know
run-of-the-mill ultrabook there are thin
and light ultra books like the Mac books
that are just they sound amazing and it
would be really cool if a razor could
stick something like those into here
then this thing would be like really
really cool but yeah not amazing
speakers the other thing is the
backlighting on the function key so like
function to function 3 it also controls
volume down and volume up but in
complete darkness you can't see the
secondary controls because they just
don't light up and it doesn't bother me
because I rarely work in complete
darkness but for people that require
that yeah
can't control brightness and stuff
unless you know exactly which keys do
what but that's basically it those are
some minor complaints about this really
good laptop they did a really good job
that last revision and it's just even
better now with the 8th gen CPUs I'm
gonna talk about one last thing its
customer support because I talked about
in my previous videos with other devices
razors customer support is I would
consider a pretty mediocre they're not a
laptop company right they were
originally a peripheral company and they
got into the laptop game and they do a
good job at it but their customer
support is lacking and they don't have
stuff like next-day support so if you
have something with your laptop some
companies like Dell and HP they'll send
a technician to your house or your work
and they'll kind of try to fix it Razer
doesn't have that you have to send it
back to them so that's a bit of a bummer
it depends on what you want or need if
your laptop support I mean if it's
really important to you then you might
want to look elsewhere but they make
great laptops and I think especially
their stealth line is thumbs up all
around ok hopefully guys enjoyed this
video thumbs we liked it
subs you loved it see you guys next time
[Music]